Digital Twin Manager 1025.8.0 Changelogs for Microservice 1025.7.0 (#4885)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-8-0-create-and-assign-sub-assets-in-a-single-request.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Create and assign sub-assets in a single request"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Create and assign subassets in a single request"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-3027"
version: "1025.8.0"
---
The Asset API previously required separate requests to create a

> sub-asset and then assign it to a parent asset. You can now create and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
subasset and then assign it to a parent asset. You can now create and
```

> assign a sub-asset in a single operation by providing the complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assign a subasset in a single operation by providing the complete
```

> sub-asset representation during assignment, streamlining your asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subasset representation during assignment, streamlining your asset
```

management workflows.

> This change reduces the number of API calls required for sub-asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change reduces the number of API calls required for subasset
```
